okay hey guys jack spirito here so we
woke up this morning no power on power
company says the power will be back by
11:00 we're not sure if we believe them
if it is gonna be by 11:00
it ain't worth firing up the generator
and dragging out the extension cords at
everything so we had the Eco zoom stove
here that I've had for about a year and
it's one of these things I've had to
review for you I've just never gotten
around to I got it this morning I'm
gonna make myself a hot steaming cup of
coffee which actually I made a whole pot
so this is off of our coffeemaker I
recommend you get a coffee maker that
works like this so once it's in there it
doesn't miss this holds the heat in and
that way we use less electricity but on
day like today hold up a pot of water
made a couple giant tea bags out of
coffee filters and some coffee
I made up a pot now it's gonna stay
steaming hot for us but I'm eating one
of my favorite things in the world right
now bacon no I don't have a gas stove
well I've got the Eco zoom stove and
after I boil the water get the camera
lady to come in here and show you what's
going on in the pan I'm frying up some
bacon that's why the dogs are hanging
out we don't really like me as much as
you would think I don't believe that I
think they just want the bacon but I'm
on my third or fourth batch we've only
used about I'd said it's about ten
pieces of charcoal down in the ecozone
stove but I'm gonna try to give you a
look at what's going on in there I just
wanted you to see how nicely it's doing
the bacon part of that we can come down
here honey
is this little door it's starting to
cool bad now so I'll open it up when it
starts to get too hot I closed that door
when it starts to to need a little more
heat I open it up this is the main door
if you were burning wood instead of
charcoal you're not supposed to do what
I'm doing right now but I wanted you to
kind of try to see what's going on in
there so we've got really hot charcoal
in there this thick clay that's mine in
China it's what insulates and keeps this
thing so daggone hot and I'm I'm gonna
see if we can go ahead and look in the
top for you
people look down in there this is nice a
glowing red and nothing like it I told
my wife that actually I'm really kind of
enjoying this this is there's something
quite fulfilling about having just a
little stove like this and a few chunks
of charcoal and being able to make bacon
for myself my buddy back here we're out
the cat and maybe the dogs will leave
and get a piece in the end but the
blackout's can be fun if you are
prepared to enjoy them I hope this one
doesn't last too long it is supposed to
get up in the 90s today I don't really
want to drag the generator out we will
if we have to but how I'm thinking about
making this at least a once-a-month
radition cook it on the ego stove
sitting on the table on the front deck
this is kind of enjoyable hope you
enjoyed this little impromptu video